notes.md, before:

<!-- - make a nav bar it contains logo , dashboard , issues page -->
<!-- - nav h is 14 nad px-5 space-x-5 -->
<!-- - react icon use aiFillBug as logo -->
<!-- - make hover effects on the links "commit nav bar progress " -->

<!-- - 9 create new page issues ,make the active page link active , import pkg classnames -->
<!-- - commit changes style active link in the nav bar -->
<!-- - 10 use mysql or postgres DB , choose ur orm of choice -->
<!-- - 11 setting up orm (watch a good tutorial about typeorm to use it comfortably )
- see a tutorial about postgres too to work more easily with it -->

<!-- - 12 make issue model to make issues table id, title,description text type,enum type status open,in progress,closed ,created at , updated at
- create migration , apply it
- 13 create issues route and use zod to validate data -->

<!-- - 14 add radix ui to our project , import style sheet , wrap everything with theme from radix
- we created a new routePage containing s form consisting of a textfield for the issue title and a text area for the description
- 16 make sure the styles is using the poppies font as intended -->

<!-- - 17 use marDown Editor instead od text area ,react simple md editor -->

<!-- - 18 use react hook form to handle validation and form sublimation hook it up to log all data in the console -->

<!-- - we thee uses axios to make a http request this is end when u can create an issue from the front end and redirect to the '/' route -->

<!-- - 19 handling errors from zod rend validation errors to the front and display them in a good way and axios try-catch display it in a red call-out -->

<!-- - 20 get type out of the zod schema and use it in both front and backend validation -->

<!-- - 21 extracting the error message to a septate component -->

<!-- - 22 add spinner while submitting the form and disable the button -->

<!-- - 23 organize you code move the inline function of submitting the form and move the http call to a separate file for separation of concerns -->

<!-- - 24 show all the issues in the issues page in a redix-ui table ,on mobile make the status and created column disappear also show the status under the title make variant of the table surface ,use fetch instead of the axios -->

<!-- - 25 make a badge component for status with mapper type label and color green,violet,red and make it a separate component ,use record type -->

<!-- - 26 add loading component for the issues page a skeleton,use delay package ,extract the issue action into a separate component and make sure the page loading looks good -->

- 27 show issue details in a different page and separate the loading pages form the issue details and the new issue page and handle non existing ids's and string id

- 28 style the issue details page header for title ,flex for status and date of creation ,md rendered paragraph for description

- 29 preview md content , solve the typography problem

- 30 make styled link component of radix link and next link for the issues titles

  ------ Break ------
  ------ Code ------

- 31

- 32

- 33

- 34

- 35

- 36

- 37

- 38

- 39

- 40

  ------ Break ------
  ------ Code ------

- 41

- 42

- 43

- 44

- 45

- 46

- 47

- 48

- 49

- 50

  ------ Break ------
  ------ Code ------
  ------ Done for today ------
  ------- Next goal leenoda work -----

Commit message:

issue details page & activated link via path name and loading skeleton for the issues page

notes.md, after:

<!-- - make a nav bar it contains logo , dashboard , issues page -->
<!-- - nav h is 14 nad px-5 space-x-5 -->
<!-- - react icon use aiFillBug as logo -->
<!-- - make hover effects on the links "commit nav bar progress " -->

<!-- - 9 create new page issues ,make the active page link active , import pkg classnames -->
<!-- - commit changes style active link in the nav bar -->
<!-- - 10 use mysql or postgres DB , choose ur orm of choice -->
<!-- - 11 setting up orm (watch a good tutorial about typeorm to use it comfortably )
- see a tutorial about postgres too to work more easily with it -->

<!-- - 12 make issue model to make issues table id, title,description text type,enum type status open,in progress,closed ,created at , updated at
- create migration , apply it
- 13 create issues route and use zod to validate data -->

<!-- - 14 add radix ui to our project , import style sheet , wrap everything with theme from radix
- we created a new routePage containing s form consisting of a textfield for the issue title and a text area for the description
- 16 make sure the styles is using the poppies font as intended -->

<!-- - 17 use marDown Editor instead od text area ,react simple md editor -->

<!-- - 18 use react hook form to handle validation and form sublimation hook it up to log all data in the console -->

<!-- - we thee uses axios to make a http request this is end when u can create an issue from the front end and redirect to the '/' route -->

<!-- - 19 handling errors from zod rend validation errors to the front and display them in a good way and axios try-catch display it in a red call-out -->

<!-- - 20 get type out of the zod schema and use it in both front and backend validation -->

<!-- - 21 extracting the error message to a septate component -->

<!-- - 22 add spinner while submitting the form and disable the button -->

<!-- - 23 organize you code move the inline function of submitting the form and move the http call to a separate file for separation of concerns -->

<!-- - 24 show all the issues in the issues page in a redix-ui table ,on mobile make the status and created column disappear also show the status under the title make variant of the table surface ,use fetch instead of the axios -->

<!-- - 25 make a badge component for status with mapper type label and color green,violet,red and make it a separate component ,use record type -->

- 26 add loading component for the issues page a skeleton,use delay package ,extract the issue action into a separate component and **make sure the page loading looks good**

<!-- - 27 show issue details in a different page and separate the loading pages form the issue details and the new issue page and handle non existing ids's and string id -->

<!-- - 28 style the issue details page header for title ,flex for status and date of creation ,md rendered paragraph for description -->

<!-- - 29 preview md content , solve the typography problem -->

<!-- - 30 make styled link component of radix link and next link for the issues titles -->

------ Break ------
------ Code ------

- 31

- 32

- 33

- 34

- 35

- 36

- 37

- 38

- 39

- 40

  ------ Break ------
  ------ Code ------

- 41

- 42

- 43

- 44

- 45

- 46

- 47

- 48

- 49

- 50

  ------ Break ------
  ------ Code ------
  ------ Done for today ------
  ------- Next goal leenoda work -----
